MPS: Connect to GameLift with Player Session Data (#370)
o3de/o3de-multiplayersample: Documentation/GameLift.md

Reviewer: suggest we put this file and `GameLiftLocal.md` in a dir structure like "Documentation\\**Hosting\AmazonGameLift**\"

# MultiplayerSample Project with Amazon GameLift

This README covers testing and running MultiplayerSample with Amazon GameLift.

> ## Running with [GameLift](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/index.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running with [Amazon GameLift](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/gamelift/index.html)
```

### Setup

> 1. Install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html), if you don't already have it. You will need it to create a game session with GameLiftLocal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html), if you don't already have it. You will need it to interact with Amazon GameLift.
```
